update existing Assistant docs (#1471)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-assistant/getting-started.md

# Enable Semgrep Assistant

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

This article walks you through enabling Semgrep Assistant for your deployment.

:::info Prerequisites
* You have completed a [Semgrep core deployment](/deployment/core-deployment).
* You have set rules to **Comment** or **Block** mode in your [<i class="fas fa-external-link fa-sm"></i> Policies page](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/policies).
:::

<Tabs
    defaultValue="github"
    values={[
    {label: 'GitHub', value: 'github'},
    {label: 'GitLab', value: 'gitlab'},
    ]}
>

<TabItem value='github'>

> Semgrep Assistant extends normal Semgrep capabilities by providing contextually-aware AI-generated suggestions. In order to build that context, it requires GitHub permissions in excess of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep Assistant extends normal Semgrep capabilities by providing contextually aware AI-generated suggestions. In order to build that context, it requires GitHub permissions in excess of the 
```
Vale.sh says:

![Snag_29dd7cc](https://github.com/semgrep/semgrep-docs/assets/20766840/64d80940-8e85-4cec-9f46-afa3d1c5d382)

I think it's correct.

Author: 'Tis; I always forget that words ending in `-ly` don't need hyphens.

   3. Click **Register GitHub App** to proceed.
   4. When prompted, click **Continue** to allow redirection to GitHub to finalize app creation. Follow the instructions to finish creating and installing a private `semgrep-app`.
4. You are redirected to Semgrep Cloud Platform's **Source Code Managers** page. Navigate back to the **Deployment** page. Under the **Assistant** section, verify that all of the features are enabled:
   1. **Allow code snippets in AI prompts**: Required for Semgrep to auto-triage findings, provide AI remediation guidance, and tag findings with code context.
   2. **Autofix suggestions for Code**: Enable autofix suggestions in comments from Assistant. You can also set the minimum confidence level for Assistant-written fixes if the Semgrep rule doesn't include a human-written autofix.
   3. **Auto-triage for Code**: Enable notifications whenever Assistant suggests that a finding may be safe to ignore. You can include notifications in your PR and MR comments, or you can receive them through Slack notifications.
    ![Screenshot of Semgrep Assistant toggle location](/img/semgrep-assistant-enable.png)

</TabItem>

<TabItem value='gitlab'>

> Semgrep Assistant extends normal Semgrep capabilities by providing contextually-aware AI-generated suggestions. In order to build that context, it requires GitLab permissions in excess of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep Assistant extends normal Semgrep capabilities by providing contextually aware AI-generated suggestions. In order to build that context, it requires GitLab permissions in excess of the 
```

# Enable Semgrep Assistant

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

This article walks you through enabling Semgrep Assistant for your deployment.

:::info Prerequisites
* You have completed a [Semgrep core deployment](/deployment/core-deployment).
* You have set rules to **Comment** or **Block** mode in your [<i class="fas fa-external-link fa-sm"></i> Policies page](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/policies).
:::

<Tabs
    defaultValue="github"
    values={[
    {label: 'GitHub', value: 'github'},
    {label: 'GitLab', value: 'gitlab'},
    ]}
>

<TabItem value='github'>

> Semgrep Assistant extends normal Semgrep capabilities by providing contextually aware AI-generated suggestions. In order to build that context, it requires GitHub permissions in excess of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep Assistant extends normal Semgrep capabilities by providing contextually aware AI-generated suggestions. In order to build that context, it requires GitHub permissions in addition to the 
```
"In excess of" sounds like it expects a countable value, such as currency.

   3. Click **Register GitHub App** to proceed.
   4. When prompted, click **Continue** to allow redirection to GitHub to finalize app creation. Follow the instructions to finish creating and installing a private `semgrep-app`.
4. You are redirected to Semgrep Cloud Platform's **Source Code Managers** page. Navigate back to the **Deployment** page. Under the **Assistant** section, verify that all of the features are enabled:
   1. **Allow code snippets in AI prompts**: Required for Semgrep to auto-triage findings, provide AI remediation guidance, and tag findings with code context.
   2. **Autofix suggestions for Code**: Enable autofix suggestions in comments from Assistant. You can also set the minimum confidence level for Assistant-written fixes if the Semgrep rule doesn't include a human-written autofix.
   3. **Auto-triage for Code**: Enable notifications whenever Assistant suggests that a finding may be safe to ignore. You can include notifications in your PR and MR comments, or you can receive them through Slack notifications.
    ![Screenshot of Semgrep Assistant toggle location](/img/semgrep-assistant-enable.png)

</TabItem>

<TabItem value='gitlab'>

> Semgrep Assistant extends normal Semgrep capabilities by providing contextually aware AI-generated suggestions. In order to build that context, it requires GitLab permissions in excess of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep Assistant extends normal Semgrep capabilities by providing contextually aware AI-generated suggestions. In order to build that context, it requires GitLab permissions in addition to the 
```

[<i class="fa-regular fa-file-lines"></i> standard permissions required for Semgrep](/deployment/checklist/#permissions).

Semgrep Assistant requires the **API scope** to run in both GitLab SaaS and GitLab self-managed instances. This can be specified at either the [project access token level](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html) or [personal access token level](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html). 

* You can revoke [project access tokens](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/settings/project_access_tokens.html#revoke-a-project-access-token) or [personal access tokens](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html#revoke-a-personal-access-token) at any time. 
* Semgrep Assistant only accesses source code repositories (projects) on a file-by-file basis; it does not need or request org-level access to your codebase.
* The token can be configured to limit its scope to specific projects or individuals. You do not need to give read access to all projects in your GitLab organization.

> <h2> Enable Assistant </h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<h2>Enable Assistant</h2>
```

2. Click **[<i class="fa-solid fa-gear"></i> Settings](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/settings/)**. 
3. In the **Assistant** section, click the **<i class="fa-solid fa-gear"></i> Allow code snippets in AI prompts** toggle.
![Screenshot of Semgrep Assistant setup button](/img/semgrep-assistant-setup.png#md-width)
   This launches the **Set up Semgrep Assistant** prompt.
4. Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the setup process.
5. Navigate back to the **Deployment** page. Under the **Assistant** section, verify that all of the features are enabled:
   1. **Allow code snippets in AI prompts**: Required for Semgrep to auto-triage findings, provide AI remediation guidance, and tag findings with code context.
   2. **Autofix suggestions for Code**: Enable autofix suggestions in comments from Assistant. You can also set the minimum confidence level for Assistant-written fixes if the Semgrep rule doesn't include a human-written autofix.
   3. **Auto-triage for Code**: Enable notifications whenever Assistant suggests that a finding may be safe to ignore. You can include notifications in your PR and MR comments, or you can receive them through Slack notifications.

>     ![Screenshot of Semgrep Assistant toggle location](/img/semgrep-assistant-enable.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Semgrep Assistant toggle location](/img/semgrep-assistant-enable.png)
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Enable autofix suggestions

> If [autofix](/semgrep-assistant/overview/#autofix), which allows you to receive code snippets to remediate true positive findings, isn't enabled for your deployment, you can do so as follows:

Reviewer: Maybe simplify to:

```suggestion
Autofix allows you to receive code snippets to remediate true positives. Perform the following to enable it:
```

> 1. Log in to Semgrep Cloud Platform, and navigate to **Settings > Deployment**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to Semgrep Cloud Platform, and navigate to **Settings > Deployment**.
```

Have you ever wondered why some of our procedures are "log in" vs "sign in"? It's to match the app's UI text, which says "Sign in through...", whereas the CLI says `login` 😅

2. In the **Assistant** section, click the **Autofix suggestions for Code** <i class="fa-solid fa-toggle-large-on"></i> if it is not yet enabled.
3. *Optional*: Select a **confidence level** in the drop-down box. This value determines the level of quality at which the autofix code appears as a suggestion. A lower confidence level means that Semgrep Assistant displays the autofix suggestion even when the code quality may be incorrect.
    :::tip
    Semgrep recommends setting a low confidence level since even incorrect suggestions may be useful starting points for triage and remediation.
    :::

### Enable auto-triage

> If [auto-triage](/semgrep-assistant/overview/#autotriage), which allows you to get notifications whenever Assistant indicates a finding may be safe to ignore, isn't enabled for your deployment, you can do so as follows:

Reviewer: Same comment as above.
